Improve modded weather (#64120)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/WEATHER_TYPE.md

| `duration_min`                 | Optional, the lower bound on the amount of time this weather can last. Defaults to 5 minutes.
| `duration_max`                 | Optional, the upper bound on the amount of time this weather can last. Defaults to 5 minutes.
| `weather_animation`            | Optional, Information controlling weather animations.  Members: factor, color and glyph |
| `condition`                  | A dialog condition to determine if this weather is happening.  See Dialogue conditions section of [NPCs](NPCs.md)

> | `priority`                  | An integer.  If the condition of multiple weather types are true the higher load order wins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `priority`                  | An integer.  If the condition of multiple weather types are true the one with higher priority wins
```
